[bintray](../../index.html)
# package-upload 

Uploads and publishes a package file.

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun bintray:package-upload --apikey <> --file <> --org <> --repo <> --version <> --user <> --package <> [--descriptor <descriptor.json>]

### OPTIONS

* [    --apikey <>: The password used for REST authentication.](../../options/apikey/index.html)
* [    --file <>: The file to upload and publish.](../../options/file/index.html)
* [    --org <>: The bintray organization.](../../options/org/index.html)
* [    --repo <>: The targeted repo.](../../options/repo/index.html)
* [    --version <>: The package version.](../../options/version/index.html)
* [    --user <>: The bintray subject, aka username.](../../options/user/index.html)
* [    --package <>: The package name.](../../options/package/index.html)
* [   [--descriptor <descriptor.json>]: File containing package metadata.](../../options/descriptor/index.html)

## README

Use *bintray:package-upload* to upload a package to bintray.

The organization and repository must already exist but
`bintray:package-upload` will create the package and version
if they do not exist at the time of upload.

If a file already has been uploaded for the given package
and version, `bintray:package-upload` will fail with a non-zero
exit code and print a message stating there is a conflict.

See `bintray:package-delete` to delete a package in the repository.

Uploading a file
----------------

    APIKEY=999ea33268d7796006b9793a4xe3434343433ddfdsafdadafsdfs
    USER=ahonor
    
    rerun bintray:package-upload  --user ${USER} --apikey ${APIKEY} \
      --org ahonor --repo rerun-bintray --package bintray --release 1.0.0 \
      --file /builds/rerun-bintray/bintray-1.0.0.sh

## TESTS

Use the `stubbs:test` command to to run test plans.

    rerun stubbs:test -m bintray -p package-upload

*Test plan sources*

* [package-upload-1](../../tests/package-upload-1.html)
  * it fails when file not found

## SCRIPT

To edit the command script for the bintray:package-upload command, 
use the `stubbs:edit`
command. It will open the command script in your shell EDITOR.

    rerun stubbs:edit -m bintray -c package-upload

*Script source*

* [script](script.html): `RERUN_MODULE_DIR/commands/package-upload/script`

## METADATA

* `NAME` = package-upload
* `DESCRIPTION` = "Uploads and publishes a package file."
* `OPTIONS` = "apikey file org repo version user package descriptor"

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Sun May 19 09:22:46 PDT 2013*

