[bintray](../../index.html)
# package-update 

Update the information of the specified package.

## SYNOPSIS

    rerun bintray:package-update --user <> --apikey <> --org <> --package <> --repo <> --labels <> --description <>

### OPTIONS

* [    --user <>: The bintray subject, aka username.](../../options/user/index.html)
* [    --apikey <>: The password used for REST authentication.](../../options/apikey/index.html)
* [    --org <>: The bintray organization.](../../options/org/index.html)
* [    --package <>: The package name.](../../options/package/index.html)
* [    --repo <>: The targeted repo.](../../options/repo/index.html)
* [    --labels <>: The package labels.](../../options/labels/index.html)
* [    --description <>: The package description.](../../options/description/index.html)

## README

Set the description and labels for the specified package.

Example
-------

    rerun bintray:package-update --user ${USER} --apikey ${APIKEY} \
        --org ahonor --repo rerun-bintray --package bintray \
        --labels shell,rerun,bintray --description "rerun module for bintray."

## TESTS

Use the `stubbs:test` command to to run test plans.

    rerun stubbs:test -m bintray -p package-update

*Test plan sources*



## SCRIPT

To edit the command script for the bintray:package-update command, 
use the `stubbs:edit`
command. It will open the command script in your shell EDITOR.

    rerun stubbs:edit -m bintray -c package-update

*Script source*

* [script](script.html): `RERUN_MODULE_DIR/commands/package-update/script`

## METADATA

* `NAME` = package-update
* `DESCRIPTION` = "Update the information of the specified package."
* `OPTIONS` = "user apikey org package repo labels description"

----

*Generated by stubbs:docs Sun May 19 09:22:46 PDT 2013*

